
		       CMLABS SIMULATIONS, INC.
			 EVALUATION AGREEMENT

		     REDISTRIBUTION NOT PERMITTED

	    Evaluation Agreement for VORTEX (Release 2.1)

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING VORTEX.
BY DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE FOLLOWING
LICENSE AGREEMENT.

1. LICENSE

1.1 License Grant.
Subject to the terms of this Evaluation Agreement ("Agreement"),
CMLabs Simulations, Inc. ("CMLabs") grants you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use the Vortex ("Software") for the
purpose of evaluating the Software.

1.2 Restrictions.
In order to protect CMLabs' trade secrets in the Software, except as
permitted by applicable law, you agree that you will not attempt to
reverse engineer, reverse compile, disassemble, modify, adapt,
translate, create derivative works from, rent, lease, loan,
time-share, distribute, transmit over a network, sublicense or provide
service bureau services by using the Software, in whole or in
part. You shall use best efforts to stop any such copying or
distribution immediately after such use becomes known.

2. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
All right, title and interest, including intellectual property rights,
in and to the Software are owned by CMLabs and/or its licensors.  You
acknowledge that no title to the intellectual property in the Software
is transferred to you and you will not acquire any rights to the
Software except for the license as expressly set forth herein. CMLabs
reserves all rights not expressly granted hereunder.

3. EVALUATION OF SOFTWARE
CMLabs may request that you provide it with feedback relating to the
performance of the Software and any bugs or errors encountered by you
during your evaluation of the Software. In the event that CMLabs so
requests, you will promptly provide CMLabs with a complete description
of any and all problems or difficulties relating to such Software. Any
ideas or suggestions for modifications or enhancements to the Software
as well as all information about the Software's performance or errors
reported by you ("Supportive Information") will be the property of
CMLabs. You hereby assign all right, title and interest in the
Supportive Information and the related intellectual property rights to
CMLabs and agree to assist CMLabs, at CMLabs' expense, in perfecting
and enforcing such rights. Notwithstanding the above, you may use such
Supportive Information for internal evaluation purposes during the
term of this Agreement.

4. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
You agree that you will not make use of, disseminate or in any way
disclose the Software or any and all technical and non-technical
information including all intellectual property, trade secrets and
proprietary information, techniques, sketches, drawings, models,
inventions, know-how, processes, apparatus, equipment, performance
testing, software and algorithms related to the Software
("Confidential Information") to any person, firm or business except as
part of your evaluation of the Software as contemplated herein or for
any purpose CMLabs may hereafter authorize in writing. You agree that
you will treat all Confidential Information with the same degree of
care as you accord to your own Confidential Information, but in no
event less than a reasonable degree of care. No information of any
kind shall be disclosed by you regarding the results of the Software
evaluation, including but not limited to information regarding
performance benchmarks, bugs or other problems encountered in the use
of the Software without the explicit written permission of CMLabs.

5. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
CMLABS MAKES NO EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND
AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL CMLABS BE LIABLE UNDER ANY THEORY FOR ANY DAMAGES
SUFFERED BY YOU OR ANY USER OF THE SOFTWARE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION, LOST PROFITS OR LOST
SAVINGS, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY ON WHICH ANY SUCH DAMAGES MAY BE
BASED, EVEN IF CMLABS OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY.

7. INDEMNIFICATION
You shall indemnify and hold harmless CMLabs and its licensors against
any claim, damages, loss, liability or expense, including attorneys
fees, arising out of your use of the Software in any way contrary to
this Agreement.

8. TERMINATION
This Evaluation Agreement and the limited, personal, non-exclusive
license granted to you are effective from the time you accept the
terms and conditions of this Agreement until it is terminated. You may
terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of the
Software. This Agreement shall terminate automatically if you fail to
comply with the limitations described in this license. No notice shall
be required from CMLabs to effectuate such termination. The rights and
obligations contained in Sections 1.2, 2, 4, 5, 7, and 9 shall survive
any termination of this Agreement. Upon termination you agree to
destroy all copies of the Software and cease all further use thereof.

9. GENERAL PROVISIONS
The present Agreement is governed and shall be interpreted according
to law applicable in the province of Quebec. The parties agree that
only tribunals of the Montreal judicial district have jurisdiction on
the present agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is held to
be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and
enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not
be affected or impaired thereby. No waiver by any party of any breach
of any provisions hereof will be valid or binding unless made in
writing, signed by the party prejudiced thereby. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement with respect to its subject matter
and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements
concerning such subject matter. This Agreement may be amended or
modified only by mutual agreement of authorized representatives of the
parties in writing. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement
without CMLabs' prior written consent. In the event of any breach of
this Agreement, the prevailing party in any action or proceeding to
enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to recover its attorneys' and
experts' fees in addition to such other relief as it may be entitled.
